>> Kyle Simpson: So hopefully you
feel pretty good about that exercise,
hopefully it made sense.
Let's dive in and try our hand at
defining this object is polyfill.
So number one, remember,
we want an if statement that checks to
see that Object.is has not been defined.
Now, I'm gonna go ahead and
use this little shorthand here,
this Boolean coercion, I'm gonna
say that the negate of Object.is.
So if Object.is has been defined,
the only way that it ever gets
defined is as a function.
So it's definitely on the truthy list,
and if I negate it, and
if it's not there,
it's definitely undefined.
So to me, this is one of those places
where I'm okay with the Boolean coercion
because, hey, we're only checking either
undefined versus totally present.
There's really nowhere in between.
So we're saying if not Object.is, and
I'm gonna throw in this or true for
just now, just so we make sure that
we're actually running our function.
The first time I made this exercise,
I made that mistake, and
I couldn't figure out why things
weren't working, [LAUGH] or
why things were still working
even when I had broken code.
So it's easy to make those mistakes.
All right, so we're gonna define one,
Object.is = function, and
I'll just name it Object.is,
if I could ever type.
And it's gonna take two parameters,
so I'll call it x and y.
You could call it v1 and
v2 if you feel better about that.
Again, the job of Object.is is
essentially the triple equals,
but also it needs to not lie in
the cases of negative 0 and NaN.
So there's a little bit of nuance here,
which I happened to already know about,
so I'll just jump to it.
We wanna go ahead and get an indicator,
a true false if you will,
of whether x is a negative 0 and
whether y is a negative 0.
So I'm gonna call it
xNegZero; y negative zero,
those are just gonna be variables
that I assign to here in a moment.
And what I'm gonna assign them is
the result of testing a value for
its negative zeroness.
So I'm gonna define a little helper for
myself to figure out if
something is a negative 0.
I wonder if any of you were able to
come up with a way of doing that without
the built in object.is?
Anyone?
>> Student: I stumbled across it
a couple weeks ago accidentally.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so you-
>> Student: So I cheated.
>> Kyle Simpson: You happened to
have already seen it, okay, cool.
Well how would we do that?
This one's a little tricky, so
if you didn't get it, don't feel bad.
But if you think about
a value that is negative 0,
what do we know about operations
that we can do with 0?
So if you say, take a negative 0,
and you add a 0 to it?
Well, if you do that you know
you're just gonna get a regular 0.
If you take a negative 0 and you subtract
a 0 from it nothing else is gonna happen,
it's still gonna be a negative 0.
So adding and
subtracting aren't gonna help.
But what about division?
We know that for example,
1 divided by 0 gives us infinity.
What do you think one 1 by
negative 0 would give us?
>> Student2: Negative infinity.
>> Kyle Simpson: Negative infinity.
So there's a way of testing
if we have a negative 0,
the only way we could get negative
infinity is if we had a negative 0.
Maybe not the only way but
that's the way we're gonna do it.
So I'm gonna say if NegZero take in
a value, and I'm gonna say, first of all,
we need to make sure it's one of
the two 0 because if it was infinity,
that would give us a false positive here.
So we'll say, if v is one of the two 0s,
which we can either use the double
equals or the triple equals.
In this case, they would not have
any distinction between the two.
So if it's one of the two 0,
and, and then we're gonna say
(1/v) == -Infinity.
That's how we could know-
>> Student3: Was that a constant in
JavaScript?
>> Kyle Simpson: Infinity is a built-in.
>> Student3: Really?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yep,
it's a built-in identifier.
>> Student3: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: So 1 divided by v
would give us negative infinity, if and
only if v was negative 0.
Again, the reason for this check
is 1 divided by negative infinity,
would also give negative infinity.
[LAUGH] So, we don't wanna
have any false positives here.
Okay, so that's how we're going to
check if x and y are negative 0s,
we're gonna call that little utility.
So we'll say, if isItNegZero(x), and
then we'll say if isItNegZero(y).
Now, the first thing we
wanna do is if either x or
y is a negative 0 then we're
gonna check if both of them are.
But we need to first check if
we're dealing with the case that
either one of them is the negative 0.
Because if either one
of them is negative 0,
we know that the triple equals is gonna
lie, so we can't allow that to occur.
So we're gonna say,
if (xNegZero or yNegZero),
that's gonna be one of our conditions,
and we'll handle what to do with that.
Now, if that's not the case,
the next thing that
we need to check is if both the x and
the y are NaNs.
Everybody with me?
If both of them are NaNs,
then we wanna return true,
because we know that's the case where
triple equals would return a false false,
if you will, it would lie and say false.
So we need another utility for
checking for NaNs.
You could just use number.isNaN, but
the README suggested maybe try
your hand to coming up with it.
Did anyone come up with a way
of testing for testing for
NaN without the built-in utilities?
Did you also see that one
[LAUGH] a couple of weeks ago?
Okay, what did you come up with?
>> Student: It's kinda jenky.
>> Kyle Simpson: What is it?
>> Student: But it's an if that checks if
param1 is not equal to param1 or
param2 is not equal to param2.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Student: And then inside there
returns type of param1 is number and
type of param2 is number, then they're
the only numbers that are not equal
to themselves-
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Student: [CROSSTALK] NaNs.
>> Kyle Simpson: You're
on the right track.
I think we can even do this simpler,
you're on the right track.
The specific trick here is
that NaN is the only value in
existence in JavaScript
that's not equal to itself.
So if I pass in a NaN,
it will be not equal to itself and
everything else that would fail.
So we can simply say,
v not equal to itself.
>> Kyle Simpson: And NaN is the only
one that would return true from there.
So I'm going to test,
if (isItNaN(x) &&
isItNaN(y)).
And if that's the case, we definitely
know return true, cuz they're both NaNs,
and this is the case where
we wanna tell the truth.
And if neither one of those too is the
case then really all we need to do is to
further the triple equals.
So we simply return x === y;.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's handle this particular case up here.
If one or
both of them we're not sure yet, but
we know at least one of
them is a negative 0.
Then how do we know if we
should return true or not?
Well, only if both of them are negative 0.
So we can simply say here
return xNegZero && yNegZero;.
>> Kyle Simpson: So the little
pre-optimization that I already knew about
was that I was gonna need to check
it twice so I went ahead and
cashed it into a variable instead of
checking it twice with the function call.
>> Kyle Simpson: Double checking against
the solution file, as you see over here,
and I've written it almost the same.
I'm gonna just take this
code that I just wrote
here,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
I have a little environment.
This program's called Run JS, which is
like a console that executes stuff,
it's not perfect but it's pretty good.
So I'm gonna drop this code into here and
run it.
And we should see all trues and we do.